Device control violations fix (#32780)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/ReleaseNotes/6_1_13.md

#### Playbooks

##### Cortex XDR device control violations

> - Added condition task to check if the email was retrieved from the Active Directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a conditional task to check if the user's email was retrieved from the Active Directory. 
```

> - Added a conditional task to check if the user's email was retrieved from the Active Directory. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added a conditional task to check if the user's email was retrieved from Active Directory. 
```
